you
hey whats up youtube it's your boy James
you're 510 with another quick pick up
video as you can see my latest pick up
is the lebron 10 EXT denim quick strike
there's a lot of reviews already out
there so i'm not really going to go into
detail with these shoes muddy shoes are
dope very nice quality right here to see
the only shoe I'm actually missing on
the set will be the Cork's so I'm still
in the hunt for that so so if anybody
has you know quirks you know with a
decent price and just leave me a comment
I am definitely looking for those shoes
so so so far what do people think is the
best out of the set of the lebron EXT
shoes let me know alright youtube go
follow me on instagram at pinoy ice and
you can also follow me on twitter at be
jammin 75 i'll put both links in the
description again if somebody has quirks
size 10 10 and a half for a decent price
just hit me up leave me a comment
alright youtube peace out
you